Added documentation to describe how to use with AAD Auth Proxy (#26350)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/azuremonitorexporter/AUTHENTICATION.md

# Authentication

## Local Authentication

The default authentication mechanism used by the Azure Monitor Exporter is "Local Authentication" - based solely on the Application Insights Instrumentation Key. An example of the exporters section of the configuration is

```yaml
exporters:
   azuremonitor:
      instrumentation_key: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```

Where the zero guid is replaced with the instrumentation key of your Application Insights instance.

The same can be achieved by using an environment variable to hold the key

```yaml
exporters:
   azuremonitor:
      instrumentation_key: ${env:APP_INSIGHTS_KEY}
```

## AAD/Entra Authentication

> Local Authentication can be disabled in [Applicaiton Insights](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/azure-ad-authentication) and an AAD based identity can be used in conjunciton with the instrumentation key. The instrumentation key is still required by the Exporter, but it is no long  sufficient to just have this in order to import data.

Author: Fixed a couple of typos :)

## AAD/Entra Authentication

> Local Authentication can be disabled in [Applitiiton Insights](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/azure-ad-authentication) and an AAD based identity can be used in conjunction with the instrumentation key. The instrumentation key is still required by the Exporter, but it is no long  sufficient to just have this in order to import data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local Authentication can be disabled in [Application Insights](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/azure-ad-authentication) and an AAD-based identity can be used in conjunction with the instrumentation key. The instrumentation key is still required by the Exporter, but it is no longer sufficient to just have this to import data.
```
